Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Well...
...I hope you're ready.
Mm-hm.
You think
you can fuck with me?
Stop!
There will be plenty of time
to kill each other
at the tournament.
You have both been accepted.
You have one month
to find a sponsor
to pay your entry fee.
Now go.
Last train. Loklang City.
After all these years.
you decided to come back
without sayin' a word.
You didn't think
I'd find out about it. or what?
Did you miss me. little bro?
It's not always about you.
I'm here for the tournament.
Max!
Get that shit out of here!
What the hell happened to you?
Fuck off.
Max. look at me.
I'm talking to you.
-Max!
-What'd you want to talk about?
We're one big happy family
again. aren't we?
The thought of me
being in this tournament...
...it really bothers you.
I just don't even know
why you're doing it.
This place is not for you.
I'm doing this
for the greater good.
To uphold my virtues
as a martial artist.
Something you will
never understand!
Why don't you try me?
See? Look at you.
You're a drunken mess.
How the hell can you expect
to win this tournament?
-You think Sifu
would approve of this? Sif--
-Fuck Sifu!
Fuck the greater good.
Fuck you. okay?
You're not winning
this tournament.
I'mma make sure of it.
I'm gonna fuck you.
Yeah. you want some of this?
Hey. what's your problem?
Get him!
Oh. shit.
This is your cut.
Keep on winning
and there will be more.
Thank you. boss.
Hello. Dr. Green!
Hey. bro!
Got a drink? Pull it up.
Let's celebrate!
Listen up. Fuck--
Oh. fuck. My bad. cousin.
Mm!
My tournament try-out
was today.
I made it in. bro!
Hey. hey. yeah. me too!
I made it in too. bro!
-Yeah. dude! Yeah! Oh. shit!
-It's on.
Dude. I'm way
too fucking talented not to.
Bohan's sponsoring me.
This is all just part
of the deal. you know?
I need a sponsor too.
Bro. honestly. any of these
fools here will sponsor you.
-Yeah?
-Especially with your
drunken-fist and shit.
-People want to see that shit.
-I appreciate that.
Who they end up partnering you
with at the tryouts?
-My brother.
-For real?
Yeah. My brother and my old Sifu
are back in town.
Wait.
So you're telling me
he's sponsoring your square-ass.
Boy-Scout ass brother
and not you?
- Guess who
they partnered me with.
Last year's winner.
That Kerchak King Kong.
big-ass motherfucker. dude.
Some of those Acquaintances
tried running up on us.
Fucking weird-ass
BDSM-looking motherfuckers.
I was like.
"Eh. eh. eh. eh. eh!"
Fuck 'em. dude.
Hey. yo.
Hey. who's that girl
right there?
Seen her before?
- That's Veena.
- Mm.
She's into. like. poker. sports.
Mah-jongg.
pro gambling and shit.
And she's. she's betting
on fights now too.
-She got some money.
then. right?
-She loaded. bro. Hey. yo.
-Talk to her.
-Gonna talk to her?
Hey. yo. save some for me!
Hey. yo. yo. yo. Come back
with some good luck. bro.
Hey.
Hi.
I'm Max.
Yeah. I know.
I just lost five grand
because of your friend.
You bet on the wrong guy.
That's been happening a lot.
That can change.
You might get lucky.
Yeah. okay.
Okay. hold on. I'm sorry.
-What?
-That came off the wrong way.
I'mma be straight up with you.
I'mma be fighting next week.
Bet on me. I'm a good fighter.
I'll win you money.
I just made it
into the Naraka Tournament.
-You even know what that is?
-Of course I fucking do.
We made it in too.
Hey. babe.
-"We"? I see.
-Mm-hm.
Looks like I'll be fighting here
next week.
It will be great training
for the tournament.
What's up. bro? I'm Rin.
Why so quiet?
Now that I'm here.
you don't wanna talk?
I'm Max Yen. The best fighter
in Loklang City.
Never heard of ya.
You will.
Okay. Let's get goin'.
That was fun.
Let's hang out again.
-Damn it.
-Too slow.
You fail.
Sorry. Sifu. I couldn't think.
"Think"?
You think. you fail.
Hm.
I see you students.
You know about me.
You know about Wu
and our success and fame abroad.
Now we're back.
You've come lining up
to learn all the fancy moves.
But these moves are worthless
if you have to
think about them.
Does a lion... think
before it strikes its prey?
Or does it just know?
It senses.
It uses primal instinct.
Not emotion.
Not logic.
Something deeper.
You all have it.
But can you harness it?
That is what I teach.
Man. that sounds
like a load of crap to me.
Max?
What are you doing here?
Now that my old Sifu
is back in action.
I had to see it
with my own eyes.
Max.
It's been a long time.
It has. Sifu.
And you're still
with this fucker.
Show some respect.
Come back when you are sober.
I'm sober now.
Sober enough to know
that you're sponsoring him
for the tournament.
You wouldn't understand.
That's right.
I don't understand.
You should be sponsoring
your best student.
You once were.
-Look. you heard
what Sifu said. Leave!
-Hey.
-We're talking. okay?
-Leave!
So. why don't you fuck off?
Hey. hey! Don't...
Whoa!
That's how it's done.
Wu. Enough!
Max. go home
and take a look at yourself.
Like I wanna be here.
That's enough for today.
Everybody.
come back tomorrow.
Wu. stay here.
Wu. speak to me.
It's just...
...coming back here and...
...seeing Max like that...
I used to never
be able to beat him.
Ever.
You didn't beat him.
His emotions did.
Si... Sifu... why did we
come back here?
What are we doing here?
You don't remember
what happened last time?
This time will be different.
Mantis's tournament.
It is a pure spectacle
of greed and violence.
The money it generates
fuels the underworld
that has swallowed
this city whole.
But if we go in there
and fight
with virtue and honor...
...we'll show them that
all their money and tricks
don't mean anything.
But what about Max?
He doesn't care about virtue.
or honor. or any of that.
He's just gonna wanna kill me.
You saw him today. Sifu.
He hates me.
Max. he's crying out for help.
To escape the life
that he is stuck in.
So. you need to help him.
Be an example
of fighting with martial virtue.
We owe it to him.
And to the city.
Sifu. I don't...
...I don't know
if I can do this.
It's not an easy decision.
Take the day off tomorrow.
Think about it.
Okay.
Thank you. Sifu.
Fuck yeah!
That's enough!
I said that's enough!
Now get him
the fuck out of here!
You nearly killed him.
But I didn't. He should have
known when to stay down.
Now he can't compete.
I did your boy a favor.
He wouldn't have lasted
a round in there.
You're welcome.
Take your fucking money.
Keep it.
For my entry fee.
What? Are you serious?
Yeah. You're down a fighter.
I need a sponsor.
You saw what I can do.
That was easy.
My skills can change
both our lives.
What do you say?
I don't work with drunks.
I can stop anytime. See?
I quit!
You have another flask
in your pocket. don't you?
I do.
Fuck it.
Let's make some money
together. Max Yen.
Yes. ma'am.
What are you grinning about?
Uh. just. um. peeping
the homie over there.
He's got a way with the ladies.
you know?
He's not your friend
in the ring. you know?
Yo. boss. why you buggin'?
I mean. friend or not.
when the time comes.
I can easily take him.
I hear his brother's
back in town.
Yeah. um. him and Sifu
are back in town and just
opened up a new school.
I told that old man
not to come back here.
He was poaching the fighters
that were working for me
and bringing people in
off the street.
This guy is bad for business.
Yeah. well. we just
need to teach them a lesson
at the tournament. right?
It's no big deal.
Well. the brother's
off limits...
...but Sifu...
...I'd like you
to find him and...
...make him understand
it wasn't a good idea
coming back here.
If that isn't too big
an ask for you. killer.
I mean. it's just. um...
You know.
you got a real problem
pissing off people in positions
of power. don't you?
No wonder the Triads
got a hit out on you.
Wouldn't you like me
to take care of that for you?
Wouldn't you like to go home
and see your family?
How long has it been
since you've seen your son?
You know.
why you gotta go there?
I'm literally making you
so much money.
It's like you're keeping me
fucking hostage.
How much longer you want me
to keep doing this for?
Till I say so.
Maybe I'll do the mob a favor
and hurt your family myself.
Your call.
I'm impressed.
You clean up pretty well
when you're off the booze.
Is that a compliment?
Just encouragement.
Well. keep goin'!
You don't have to stop.
Put your shirt on.
Let's go get some coffee.
So. tell me. Max.
why do you want
to win this tournament?
Coffee. please.
What's wrong?
See this poster?
You know who that is?
No.
That's my martial arts teacher.
I call him my Sifu.
And that...
is my little brother.
We grew up
on the streets together.
Didn't have much
until my Sifu took us in.
Taught us how to fight...
...amongst other things.
like honor and discipline.
And then I grew up.
Got my own ideas.
So. what happened?
Well. as you know...
...honor only goes so far
in a place like this.
Sifu wanted to change things...
...and convinced my brother
of the same.
Well. it didn't work.
And some dudes
ran 'em out of town.
And my brother followed.
leaving me here all by myself.
So. why didn't you go with him?
'Cause if I can't survive
on my own...
...who the hell am I. right?
And that's why
I want to win this tournament.
Loklang City has some of
the best fighters in the world.
And I'm the best fighter
in Loklang City.
And now my brother's in it too.
He'll try to take that
away from me.
That's all good. You know why?
I'mma beat his ass
like I did when we were kids.
Here it is.
Thank you.
Thank you. everyone.
Shut the fuck up. old man!
What do you want?
Stay out of the tournament.
And get the fuck
out of the city.
So. how long
have you been training for?
Twenty years.
Okay.
Are you gonna answer that?
Yeah.
Yeah. What's up?
Hey. Max? Max. it's Wu.
Golden boy.
Hey. what do you want. man?
Max. I need you to come to
the kung fu school right now.
It's Sifu.
How many times
I gotta tell that old man
to go fuck himself?
I don't give a fuck.
Max. you don't get it.
The paramedics are already
on their way. Hurry!
-Uh...
-I couldn't get there in time.
What are you talking about?
How dare you?
Max. the school is destroyed.
Somebody came down here
and tore everything apart.
The students are gonna be okay.
Sifu. though...
I don't know.
I should've been there!
What are you saying. dude?
Is that the best you got?
Fuck is this.
a bunch of pussies?
Come on. old man.
Let's fucking go!
I will not fight you.
Shut the fuck up! Shut up!
You are lost.
I can free you
from your darkness.
No.
Fuck! Fuck!
Just come. please!
All right.
I'll. I'll be right there.
Sorry.
What happened?
Sifu. Oh. no. Sifu?
What happened? Sifu.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Wu... fight together.
Promise this.
- Sifu!
All right. gentlemen.
step back. please.
Uh. we got a male...
I promise. Sifu.
I promise.
Mantis and Acquaintances
welcome you
to the Naraka Tournament.
All bets and payments
are to be made inside.
Follow me.
Well. well. well.
What do we have here?
I thought you got the message
we sent your Sifu.
-What you talking about?
-Hey. Max. Max.
Your Huang Academy ways
are not welcome here.
Your Sifu. he forgot.
so. we sent
Sho-Jin here to remind him.
-Sho-Jin!
-Max. it's not worth it.
Sho-Jin.
Save it for the ring.
Max. Max...
This will be your cubicle.
I hope you got enough rest.
Because I think
you're fighting first.
We only have
a few minutes before.
Max?
Fuck!
Why would Sho-Jin do that?
Max. Clear head.
We need a clear head
to win this. Understand?
- Are you with me?
- Yeah. I'm with you.
I'm with you.
Good.
Greetings.
ladies and gentlemen.
The almighty.
the all-powerful Mantis
welcomes you
to the Naraka Tournament.
- It's starting.
- The rules are simple.
Win a round. get a cash prize
and move on to the next.
where the prize doubles.
Surrender during the fight.
not between rounds.
Lose. and you lose everything.
Sponsors may enter
or leave the VIP room
in order to place wagers.
watch the fight.
or spin the Wheel of Steel.
We'll be starting soon.
kicking things off
with Max Yen versus Speedy T.
- You can do this.
- Fighters.
please report to the arena.
Max Yen. Come with me.
Of course I can.
Ladies and gentlemen...
- Let's go!!
...get ready for the next stage
in the evolution of combat!
You've been waiting patiently.
but now it's time
to place your bets
as we're kicking off round one
with Max Yen
versus Speedy T!
Sponsor Veena.
Mantis welcomes you
to the VIP room.
Three. two. one...
Begin!
Come on! Come on. Speedy T!
Wipe him out!
Everything on Max.
Max got this guy in the bag.
Are you happy about that?
I'm. I'm just saying. you know.
Let me tell you something.
He's not your friend
anymore. okay?
Hey. you wanna hit me?
I told you.
God damn it!
...seven. eight. nine. ten!
Looks like Speedy T
is down for the count.
Yes! Yes!
Do his sponsors
wish to continue the match?
I just put his ass down!
This just in
from Speedy T's sponsors
at the Motormouth School.
They are going to cut
their losses and bow out.
- Of course they are!
- Better luck next year.
That means
that the winner of this round
is Max Yen. the furious!
His prize money has doubled.
and he will move on
to the next round.
No. I'm sorry. man.
That's total bullshit.
Total fucking mess.
Yes!
Un-fucking-believable.
Unbelievable.
Congratulations
on your first win of the night.
You know who I am?
Of course I do.
You're Mantis.
You run this event.
Very good.
My tournament.
My city.
My rules.
Only those strong enough
are granted the honor
of competing.
And only those few
rich and powerful enough
have the privilege of sponsoring
and betting on these games.
I guess you're
one of them. darling...
...for now.
Hey.
Whoo! Easy money.
How did we do?
Good!
-How much?
-A lot.
But you worry
about knocking them down
and I worry
about stacking these up.
Okay?
Next up.
Wu Yen versus Greyface!
Huh?
Hm.
Your brother
is pretty impressive.
Yeah. yeah. He's all right.
Huh. Now that I have
some more cash.
I'm gonna go up there
and bet on him.
Wait. Slow down. Veena. wait.
Watch out! Watch out!
Mm.
Yeah!
...seven. eight. nine. ten.
Greyface goes down!
Absolutely brutal!
Will his sponsors
want to continue this round?
- Nah. fuck it.
- Looks like Greyface's sponsors
refuse to take action.
-The hell is going on?
-Meaning
Wu Yen is the winner
of this round.
These fighters
are the lucky ones
so far. ladies and gentlemen.
It's only a matter of time
before one of these sponsors
decides to spin
the Wheel of Steel.
and then the real carnage
can begin!
Make it fast. kid.
I don't want
to spin the wheel this round.
I want to save my money.
Yeah.
Next up. Sho-Jin versus
Magic Money Marcus!
What's up. everybody?
I'm about to start
round one of this fight.
- Big things coming up.
#lovemyfans...
...#teammagicmoney. #fighting.
Let's fucking go!
What are you doing?
Come on. Marcus. Hit him!
All right.
Hey. hey. fuck you! Fuck you!
Hey. fuck you too! Yeah.
I'mma fuck your mother.
Fuck you!
Looks like Magic Money Marcus
needs some help.
Does his sponsor
wish to intervene?
What?
Fuck! Spin the wheel.
Spin the goddamn wheel!
- Yeah. all right!
- Spin the wheel!
Ooh. baby! Yeah!
Well. spin it. spin it. spin it!
Ladies and gentlemen.
it looks like team Magic Money
has decided to try their luck
by spinning the Wheel of Steel!
That's right. folks.
For an additional fee.
Magic Money Marcus
gets one spin of the wheel
to change the tide
of this fight
and stay in the tournament.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on. come on.
-Fuck. you see that shit?
-Yeah. I know.
I don't like it.
I have a lot of money
riding on this.
Fuck.
And the wheel is spinning.
Spinning. spinning.
Oh! And it looks like
Magic Money Marcus's
prayers have been answered.
The wheel has landed
on the Kusarigama.
blade on a chain!
Fuck!
Whoo! Oh. yeah!
Who's the bitch now?
- Ah.
-Do I have to come up there. boy
and spin that wheel
just to save your ass?
Let's fucking go!
He's got him now. man.
No. No.
Let's go!
Dude! What the fuck?
- Oh. fuck. Way to go.
- Sho-Jin has taken a bite
out of Magic Money Marcus's
inner thigh.
At least. that's what we hope.
ladies and gentlemen.
Either way. not getting up
from that one.
- Fuck you!
- What a fantastic round.
and our first fatality
of the night.
It looks like it's game over
for Magic Money Marcus.
Sho-Jin wins this round.
-That was so shitty.
-Fuck!
I'm so sorry.
- It's over.
- Acquaintances.
please escort
Magic Money Marvin out.
- I'm leaving.
-  -That's what I'm talking about. man.
Hey. where's my instant replay?
That is some action right there.
And now.
something very special
for you all.
Introducing
last year's champion.
the one. the only...
...Kerchak Kong!
Let's see this.
And the man
who gets the honor
to fight him.
Darius.
I'm putting 500
on the little guy.
What?
So. how does it feel knowing
that in just
a few seconds from now.
your fighter
is a dead man?
Contraire. mon ami.
Darius here.
he's the ultimate
fighting specimen.
And you should see him
with a weapon in his hands.
Looks like we've got
another wheel spin
in the works.
Whoo!
And Darius has come out on top
with the combat knife.
Fuck.
You're wasting your money.
I'm quite good
at spinning the wheel myself.
And Kerchak Kong's sponsor
answers in turn
with a wheel spin as well.
-Here we go.
ladies and gentlemen.
-Come on.
And the wheel has landed on...
Oh. that's a tough break
for our boy.
The fountain pen.
What are you gonna do with that?
Write about me in your diary?
Shove it up your fucking ass
is what I'll do!
I don't care
if Kong's the bigger guy.
I'm putting my money
on the one with the knife.
-Same here. lads.
-Ditto.
Put my money on Kong.
You.
The rich girl
from my street fights.
Tired of spending Daddy's money
on shoes and champagne?
Listen. if you wanna
waste it all betting
on the wrong fighter.
you be my guest. honey.
Go on. my lad!
Yes!
Oh! What an upset!
But we wouldn't
expect anything less
from the reigning champion
himself.
Kerchak Kong wins this round.
Oh. fuck.
That's not fair.
Oh. damn!
Oh. yeah!
He can't do this!
Oh. he can.
And he did.
Better luck next year.
Well. you better reimburse
my entry fee.
No.
Rules are rules.
Did you just say no to me?
Then fuck your rules!
I'll bury you
and this whole
entire tournament.
Whoa. whoa. Relax. brother.
What's done is done.
No need to harsh the vibe. man.
What did you say?
You heard me. bitch.
Huh?
You think I'm afraid of you?
I'll turn this whole city
against you if I have to.
- Jeez. man.
- Fuck.
- Man!
- What?
Hm.
Sorry you had to
see that. darling.
It's fine. It's cool.
I'm. I'm just surprised.
that's all.
You think you're pretty smart
for making that bet.
don't you. rich girl?
Leave her alone. Bohan.
The money is hers.
So shut your mouth.
I'm going broke here. man.
What a beautiful
first round that was.
You guys are lucky
to be in the audience tonight.
Kicking off round two.
we have Max Yen and Wu Yen
versus Sharkbite and H8Ball!
Hey. Wish me luck.
Hey. You okay?
You okay?
Mantis just killed someone.
What?
She shot that guy's sponsor.
Max. Time to go.
I gotta go.
You take care of yourself. okay?
You too.
Whoo! Yeah! Yeah!
All right.
You ready for this?
Hold on. What's this?
Before the round
has even started.
it looks like H8Ball
and Sharkbite's sponsors
have pooled together
their resources for two spins
on the Wheel of Steel.
Yeah. Y'all gonna die tonight.
And here we go.
Fuck yes!
Get it!
Classic katana for H8Ball.
Do it. lad.
Oh. fucking brilliant!
Yes! Go on. lad.
And some deadly
wrist blades for Sharkbite.
- Ooh!
- Ooh.
God knows he's gonna
have some fun with those.
You call yourselves
true warriors.
drop your weapons.
Nice. So much for your plan!
That's it!
-Relax. pretty boy.
-Wu!
I wanna spin the wheel too!
The round has been paused
as Max Yen's sponsor
has finally decided
to spin the Wheel of Steel.
Yes!
-Please have a seat.
-Thank you.
Shaolin Iron Rings for Max Yen.
He's gonna be very happy
about that one.
Oh!
Oh. ho. ho. Yeah!
Y'all are fucked! Hey!
I wanna spin the wheel again.
Hey. you can't do that.
If she can pay. she can play.
Hold on just a minute.
And another spin
of the wheel...
- No! No!
- ...from Max Yen's sponsor
to help out his teammate.
No! I'm not doing this.
Yes!
Fuck! Yes!
Unbelievable! A loaded pistol.
This could be an instant win
for Max and Wu
- if they play
their cards right.
- What? No!
Yo. Hey. Wake the fuck up!
They're gonna kill us!
Let me show you
how we're gonna do this.
Clean.
What are you doing?
Go on. man.
-You all right?
-Always clean!
Baffling turn of events.
Wu Yen is throwing away the gun.
And the crowd
do not like that one bit.
Come on. Max.
Careful!
And there goes
Sharkbite's weapon.
Please. Mantis.
You gotta let us spin again.
We can scrounge
something together.
I swear.
Cash. upfront.
And you don't have enough.
We need to fucking surrender.
This is bullshit!
Ooh!
Yes!!
Go on! Go on!
No! No. Max!
What are you doing. man?
An 11th hour save from Max Yen.
A beautiful finish!
Max Yen and Wu Yen
advance to the next round.
Get your fucking hands off me!
It's not fair. man.
Max! Max! Max! Max! Max!
Max! Max! Max...
Max. what the fuck?
"What the fuck?"
The fuck is wrong with you?
Max! Max! Max! Max! Max!
-Yeah. Ha. Let's go!
-Max! Max! Max! Max! Max!
Yo. you on my team or what?
-The fuck was that?
-Hey.
I made a promise to Sifu.
I fight this clean.
Stabbing a man
in front of a live audience?
The hell's the honor in that?
Did he want you to die?
'Cause that's
what's gonna happen!
Hey. hey. you made a promise
to Sifu also.
-Don't forget that shit.
-I promised I'd win.
Yeah. but this is more
than just winning.
It's about taking down
the whole fucking system!
What are you talking about?
I have an idea.
Me and you. we're gonna
fight our way into the finals.
And we're gonna refuse to fight.
Send a message out
to the audience.
Turn them against
the tournament.
Let's shut this whole shit down!
What? You can't do that.
They're gonna kill you both!
You wouldn't know that.
Besides. you only care
about your gambling
-and your prize money.
-Hey. you leave her alone.
I won't stand
for these criminals controlling
-our city anymore!
-"Our city"?
The one you went to America
to live your happy little life.
coming back
to think you could save it?
No. I came back
so I could spark change.
and you should be with me!
Fucking out of your mind!
Wait. I have an idea.
Just hear me out.
It's my money in there.
and my plan guarantees
that we leave with all of it.
Plus. you get
to make your point.
-I'm listening.
-Okay.
All you have to do
is survive the next round
and make it to the finals.
Then you surrender to Max.
Expose the tournament
as a fraud.
Rob them of their final fight.
And we get to keep our money.
I don't like it. but...
...I'll do it if it's necessary.
Max.
It's a hell to the no for me.
-What? Max. why?
-I said no!
Max. just please think
about it for a second.
Go!
Fuck out of here.
What is wrong with you?
It's a good deal.
Good odds.
I'll beat him fair and square.
No deals.
No games.
This whole thing is a game. Max.
They're not here
to watch you fight.
They're here to watch you die.
So. let's just walk out
with the money
and take the deal. Okay?
Be smart for once.
We'll walk out with the money.
You don't think
I can win or what?
That's not what I care about.
That's not what you care about.
Maybe Wu was right.
All you care about is money.
You even bet on--
I care about you.
Is that clear enough?
All right.
- Thank you.
-  -Next up. we have a very exciting match.
Sho-Jin teaming up
with the reigning champion
Kerchak Kong.
taking on Angtze and Soru.
the brothers of the wind.
I need to go place my bets.
Fuck!
- Mantis.
- You've barely been back
in my city a month. Wu Yen.
and you're already making
backdoor deals?
I'm very disappointed in you.
This is my tournament.
and I won't let you ruin it.
You know it's my choice
if I surrender.
And I don't give a fuck
about money.
So you can't make me do shit!
Shh!
Listen.
Do you hear that?
Gangsters. criminals. warlords.
The most dangerous people
from all around the world.
gathered together in peace...
...spending their hard-earned
blood money in this place.
How?
Because I provide them with
something that no one else can.
It's beyond entertainment.
beyond a thrill.
This tournament
is the ultimate convergence
of chaos and order.
Like you.
I do not break my code.
I can't have you
disturbing the bets
and stopping the flow of money.
or this beautiful. beating heart
of the underworld
that I have created...
...fall apart.
So. you will stay. Wu Yen.
And you will fight.
And what if I refuse?
I kill you.
I kill your brother.
I kill the girl...
...and I kill
every single student
in your little school.
I will wipe out
the Huang Kung Fu
Academy's teachings
from the face of the planet.
And your precious
Sifu's death...
...will have been for nothing.
Now. don't make me
come back down here again.
Another incredible round.
That about wraps it up
for our two-on-twos.
We're going to take
a short break now
before heading into
everybody's favorite.
round three!
-Seriously?
-Mm.
What do you think you're doing?
Celebrating.
To your boyfriend Rin.
And his money.
Were you looking at my phone?
You're a liar.
You don't come
from a connected family.
Rin's been your sugar daddy
the whole time.
Those texts are from last month.
And I never claimed to be rich.
You let me believe something
that wasn't true.
Okay. Rin is the one
with the money.
But I just borrowed it from him.
That's why he keeps calling me.
I haven't spoken to him
since I started sponsoring you.
Right. But when he fulfilled
his purpose.
you left him
bleeding on the floor.
I wasn't the one
who sent him to the hospital.
You did.
You asked me to be
your sponsor. remember?
You don't care about him.
You don't care about anybody.
You don't believe in me.
You just want me
to take the deal with Wu.
I don't think so.
- I'mma kick his ass the old-fashioned way.
-  -Loklang City.
are you ready
for the free-for-all round?
Round three!
All fighters. report
to the arena immediately!
I've got a fight to win.
If you'll excuse me.
That's right!
Four fights at the same time.
ladies and gentlemen.
At least
that's how it will begin.
There are no rules
on who has to fight who.
Fuck it! I'm all in.
Put everything on Max and Wu.
All remaining fighters
are all here.
The chaos is about to begin.
The last two men standing
move on to the final round.
- We've got
Kerchak Kong the champion.
Max Yen the furious.
Wu Yen the fearless.
Templar the mysterious.
Igor the Assassin.
Vampyre the cannibal.
Sho-Jin the remorseless.
The dreaded Crooner!
And Slick Sinner the devious.
It wouldn't be
the Naraka Tournament
if we didn't go
all the way now. would it?
Now. sponsors. get your
wheel spins in whilst you can.
- because once
the match starts...
...there will be no more
wheel spins allowed.
Last two men standing
go on to the finals.
Battle ax for Kong.
And a quarterstaff for Max Yen.
Ooh! Tough break for the Templar
with a pink umbrella.
No help for him there.
A large knife for Vampyre.
How fitting.
Slim pickings
for Igor the Assassin.
All he got
was one lousy cigarette.
- The only fighter
worse off is Wu Yen...
...who. once again.
has opted out of weapons.
Lucky little man.
Yeah.
Machete for Slick Sinner.
And shuriken throwing stars
for the Crooner.
Better watch out there.
And a barbed wire
baseball bat there for Sho-Jin.
He sure can cause
some damage with that.
Our fighters
are armed and ready.
Let's begin.
Only a few moments in.
and Kong already has
the upper hand on Max Yen.
Meanwhile. the Crooner keeps
both Sho-Jin
and Slick Sinner at bay.
But how long
can he keep it up?
Come on.
You got this.
Damn! You son of a bitch!
Igor goes down.
but not without a fight!
Looks like
he took Vampyre with him!
No! Fuck!
Yes!
God damn it!
Come on!
Yes!
We're down to the last three.
Only one more fighter
needs to go down
for us to move on
to the final round.
How will it go?
You fucking serious. Max?
You drinking again?
Right now?
Fuck off. man.
We team up now.
and we can finish this shit.
Mm. Okay.
Don't do it.
- Max!
- I don't believe it!
Who do you think you are?
Let me go!
Get off me!
This is unprecedented.
ladies and gentlemen.
This is unheard of!
This is biblical!!
You're not going anywhere.
I know you tried
to deal behind my back.
Even if Wu wins
the final round.
that's a serious violation
that you're gonna
have to repay me for.
So you will leave here
with nothing.
And if Wu loses.
and you don't get your money.
well...
...I'm sure we can
figure something out.
You think I don't know
who you are?
You're a nobody.
Ladies and gentlemen.
it's been an incredible
tournament so far.
We've witnessed
the most amazing feats
in the history of combat.
You could all go home now
and say you've been
a part of history.
But here.
at the Naraka Tournament.
we deliver on our promises.
In just a few minutes.
we'll be done resetting the ring
for the final round!
Hey. I'm not done. Let me in!
I'm not. I'm not done yet.
Let me back in. Come on.
Silence!
You're lucky to be alive.
Veena! Veena!
Come on! I'm right--
Step away from the gate!
The girl lost her bet.
She belongs to Mantis now.
What the fuck does that mean?
Maybe I'll do the mob a favor
and hurt your family myself.
Your call.
Ladies and gentlemen.
it's the moment
you've all been waiting for.
The final round!
Who will emerge victorious?
The fearless spirit Wu Yen...
...or the crowd favorite.
Sho-Jin
the remorseless butcher?
No matter what happens.
this fight will be
to the death!
Place your bets now.
Sponsors.
just like the last round.
we will only be allowing
one wheel spin each.
Tough break. princess.
No wheel spin for you.
I'll have a spin.
What? Soren. why?
I'm not quite broke
just yet. old man.
I got money on Wu.
And I wanna spin on his behalf.
Very well.
I'll allow it.
A classic sword for Wu Yen.
I'm fucking dead.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Don't worry. Soren.
You had your chance.
And a lucky spin for Sho-Jin.
It looks like he's getting
the Beast Serum!
This increases your speed.
your stamina.
and your strength.
Come on. shit. have--
You keep this shit up.
you'll end up
just like your Sifu.
There's one thing I've learned.
you motherfucker!
Let's go! Come on. let's go!
- Come on!
There goes your Beast Serum.
Now fight me
on even grounds. motherfucker!
Come on. Sho-Jin!
Kill! Kill! Kill!
Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!
Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill...
No.
I'm not gonna kill you.
Please do it. Just do it.
Walk away. Just walk away!
I can't.
Bohan and Mantis.
they'll go after my family.
Please. for me. just end it.
I am a student of Huang Kung Fu!
I trained to be a warrior.
And this tournament...
...it's not my way.
You have to disqualify him.
I refuse to surrender!
Bullshit! I got money on this.
And your boy. he lost.
Mantis. make the call.
Please remain in your seats.
There is no need to panic.
I have money on this!
This is not cool!
-This is an outrage!
-That's right!
Silence!
We will handle it.
Come with me.
And all of you. sponsors.
don't get any ideas.
The money stays with me
until all this is settled.
Bring the girl.
Fuck this!
Stay!
Wu Yen.
I warned you what would happen
if you disobeyed me.
This man killed your Sifu.
Don't you want your revenge?
Well... if his life
is so precious to you.
I'll make it simple.
Either he dies...
...or she does.
How will you
walk away from this?
What?
Where did that come from?
Get down!
How you gonna walk away
from that one?
Bitch.
Huh.
Sorry. Wu. Um.
I know that goes
against your code.
but. uh.
I had to save you guys.
We're good. bro.
Veena.
I...
...I'm glad you're okay.
Guys. uh...
...I'm sorry.
-It's. it's all good. Just...
Thank you.
Aw.
Guys. but we really need
to fucking leave this place.
Let's grab the money
and move. Okay?
All right. Wait!
What?
Are you fucking serious?
No. no.
He's right.
You're fucking wild. dude.
You guys
should get out of here.
Just. just leave me.
That's not what Sifu
would've wanted.
- Let's go.
Slow. slow. Guys. slow.
Thieving. cheating.
treacherous motherfuckers.
I want the cash.
I want the cash!
Nobody moves until Bohan Khan
is paid what he is owed.
Hey.
You lost. Bohan.
Step aside.
What the fuck?
Sho-Jin! Stop! Stop!
Yo! Stop! Let it go.
Let it go. man.
That's enough. That's enough.
Sho-Jin.
Let's get out of here.
Hello?
Anyone still here?
Mantis?
I am still actually
locked in the booth.
Anyone?
Good afternoon. everybody.
and welcome to the Huang Kung Fu
school grand re-opening.
Today. in honor
of our great Huang Sifu...
...we have a very special treat
for you guys.
Uh. something
we don't do very often.
A friendly sparring match
between my brother Max and I.
We will be demonstrating
the Huang Kung Fu style approach
to martial arts.
Max?
Are you ready?
The real question is.
are you guys ready?
Yes!
Finally get to fight
by your rules. little bro.
- Oh. I'm not expecting much. especially coming from. uh...
-  you.
Yeah. Maybe you're right.
Took some time to recover.
I'm a little rusty.
So. does that mean
you need me to. uh...
- take it easy on you.
or what?
- I can't...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org